Lin Shao, I don't have a grandmother to do it.
Master Ancestor actually asked Zhao Yu to call you grandmother
To become is not to escape
Ridiculous, a misunderstanding is the truth
If you hadn't divorced me
That's what being a grandmother always does.
And you're talking nonsense.
The inheritance ceremony is about to begin
Pick the front yard, didn't you get picked too?
Not selected
This inheritance ceremony
It's not for people like you to participate
This inheritance ceremony is gone again
What else do I mean?
Do you know what you're talking about?
The inheritance ceremony is David Kunlun
This kind of thing can be said except for the Lord
Who can afford this sentence?
How do you know that I will take care of you?
There are limits to bragging.
Don't think you got the preface.
Single peacocks can talk nonsense here
Shameless
The Lord will soon
Then he will know that there is a fuss at the celebration
You can't afford it afterwards
Oops what are you still doing here
If you don't see Yan'er Xing, you are not allowed to be from Kunlun, right?
Your wisdom here hurt him
Yan'er is now pregnant with my child
How could I harm you?
College selection comes to an end
Now I announce that the Kunlun MLM Ceremony will start soon
Artifact craftsmanship
Those who are not invited to the ceremony, please leave by yourself
Forestry, did you hear that?
Tell you to go
As a bearer
If I go, how is this legend ceremony held?